#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman palatino
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\headheight 2cm
\headsep 2cm
\footskip 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
The Colloquium Manual
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Thomas White
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
Last updated for Colloquium version 0.0.1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Colloquium is a presentation program designed 
\emph on
by
\emph default
 someone who gives a lot of presentations, 
\emph on
for
\emph default
 people who give lots of presentations.
 Colloquium has a familiar graphical user interface and WYSIWYG slide editing,
 yet tries to encourage you to create a tidy set of slides with consistent
 appearance.
 It achieves this without placing restictions on layout and design apart
 from your own imagination.
 Colloquium allows you to drastically change the style of all your slides
 at once with a few mouse clicks, and to change it all back just as quickly
 if you don't like the result.
 The difference between Colloquium and OpenOffice.org Impress is a bit like
 the difference between LyX and OpenOffice.org Writer (except that, although
 LyX is based on LaTeX, Colloquium has absolutely nothing at all to do with
 Beamer).
 Colloquium has lots of little features which will hopefully prevent you
 from wanting to `defenestrate' your laptop every time you have to edit
 or give a presentation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section

\series bold
gfgf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
by loading a new 
\emph on
style sheet
\emph default
, which controls almost all aspects of the layout
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
The Components of a Slide
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Colloquium's view of a slide consists of three types of element: the 
\emph on
background
\emph default
, the 
\emph on
slide furniture
\emph default
 and the 
\emph on
slide objects
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The 
\emph on
background
\emph default
 is made up of images, textures, coloured areas and so on.
 It might be used to put the content of the slide on top of a coloured or
 gradient shaded background instead of plain white.
 You might also use it to emphasise the area at the top of the slide, where
 the slide title might go, by putting it on top of a different colour.
 Another usual use would be to add your institution's logo in one of the
 corners of each slide, or so use an image as an overall background.
 You can create any of these things in any combination using Colloquium.
 The background is the same for all slides unless you override it for an
 individual slide, which you might normally do for the opening slide.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Next, there is the 
\emph on
slide furniture
\emph default
.
 Slide furniture is always text, never an image nor some kind of arrow or
 anything else.
 The slide furniture consists of items that appear in the same place on
 each slide, but which might not have the same content from slide to slide.
 Examples include the slide title, the slide number, or the title and author
 of the presentation which some presenters like to include at the bottom
 of each slide in small text.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Stuff on the title page isn't really considered furniture.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Items of furniture need not appear on every slide in Colloquium --- it's
 fine, for example, for a slide not to have a title or 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
